Add manual section on recursive priorities (#977)
tweag/nickel: doc/manual/merging.md

individually overridable: in our example, we would like to be able to override
`server` as we did while still keeping a default value for `port`. One solution
is to simply annotate each value with a `default`:

```nickel
{server = {ip | default = "192.168.1.1", port | default = 80}}
```

However, doing so can quickly become cumbersome for larger sets of default
values, where we end up duplicating `default` annotations lot. We can do better
thanks to *recursive priorities*, written `rec default` and `rec force`. During
evaluation, recursive priorities are dynamically pushed down until they reach values which
are not records anymore, that is to the leafs of the record, so to speak:

```text
nickel> {server | rec default = {ip = "192.168.1.1", port = 80}} & {server.ip =
"42.42.42.42"}
{ server = { ip = "42.42.42.42", port = 80 } }
```

`rec force` implements the same idea for `force`. It makes overriding happen for individual fields of a record and not as a block.

Another use of `rec default` and `rec force` is to make a whole record
overridable or overriding dynamically, when you don't necessarily have the

> option to change its definition (if it's coming from an external library).

Author: Yup, this reads way better, thanks!

value or be tentatively merged if the other value is forcing as well.

#### Recursive priorities

**Warning**: the syntax and semantics of recursive priorities are new as of
version 0.3, and may evolve in the future.

Using the `default` annotation on a record value means that the value is either
picked as a block, or erased altogether:

```text
nickel> {server | default = {ip = "192.168.1.1", port = 80}} & {server.ip =
"42.42.42.42"}
{ server = { ip = "42.42.42.42" } }
```

It might not be what you want, for example because the server field should
always define a `port`. It's useful to provide a set of default values that are
individually overridable: in our example, we would like to be able to override
`server` as we did while still keeping a default value for `port`. One solution
is to simply annotate each value with a `default`:

```nickel
{server = {ip | default = "192.168.1.1", port | default = 80}}
```

However, doing so can quickly become cumbersome for larger sets of default
values, where we end up duplicating `default` annotations lot. We can do better
thanks to *recursive priorities*, written `rec default` and `rec force`. During

> evaluation, recursive priorities are dynamically pushed down until values which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
evaluation, recursive priorities are dynamically pushed down until they reach values which
```

are not records anymore, that is to the leafs of the record, so to speak:

```text
nickel> {server | rec default = {ip = "192.168.1.1", port = 80}} & {server.ip =
"42.42.42.42"}
{ server = { ip = "42.42.42.42", port = 80 } }
```

> `rec force` is the same idea for `force`, which makes the value of a record
> overriding other values individually and not as a block.

Reviewer: I can't really parse this sentence, but I think my suggestion is what you mean. 😅
```suggestion
`rec force` implements the same idea for `force`. It makes overriding happen for individual fields of a record and not as a block.
```

Another usage of `rec default` and `rec force` is to make a whole record
overridable or overriding dynamically, when you don't necessarily have the
option to change its definition (if it's coming from an external library).

If a value already has a merge priority set, the rules are the following:

- `rec default` doesn't apply on values with explicit priorities set. That is,

>   `{foo | rec default {bar | priority 10 = 1, baz = 2}}` will evaluate to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `{foo | rec default = {bar | priority 10 = 1, baz = 2}}` will evaluate to
```

  `{foo = {bar | priority 10 = 1, baz | default = 2}}`.
- `rec force` always overrides existing priorities. That is,

>   `{foo | rec forcde {bar | priority 10 = 1, baz | default = 2}}` will evaluate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `{foo | rec force = {bar | priority 10 = 1, baz | default = 2}}` will evaluate
```
